hey guys it's Dave back again I just
want to do another video this time
commenting a little bit about the
differences between setting up boot camp
on tiger which I had done before and
setting it up on leopard which is
actually surprisingly easier which is
cool went along with that I'll just talk
about some of the games I've been
playing via bootcamp i'm running windows
vista and how they perform and so on but
basically the biggest difference between
running bootcamp on tiger which was a
beta of boot camp and running it on a
leopard is that this time there's no
burning of CVS and i was always my least
favorite part was having to burn a CD
with all of the mac drivers so that's
things for like your keyboard your mouse
if you're using a mighty mouse like the
Wi-Fi the graphics card and so on before
and tiger i would always have to burn a
disc with all that information then once
i installed windows i would have to load
the drivers on which was kind of a pain
it's cool at the time just to be able to
do that but you know not having to burn
that disc is one extra step that i don't
have to worry about which is cool
basically all that information is kept
on the leopard disc now so once you
install boot camp and install whatever
flavor of Windows you're installing then
you just have to pop in the leopard disc
and it recognizes that you're running in
Windows and it just installs everything
right off the bat which is nice so
honestly the installation wasn't a big
asshole like i said i'm running vista
ultimate right now and everything is
running great arrow is it's working
great no slow down or anything and the
all the games that i run they're running
grade too so i can't really complain
what I've been playing is day a defeat
day to defeat source which is a steam
game from valve that's a it's a multi
player on the game I think you can get
it for like 10 bucks it's kind of old
but they recently released new
achievements for it if you checked out
my blog I think I made a post about it
but well basically what's team has been
doing or what valve has been doing I
should
is going back to some of their older
games and incorporating achievements for
the steam platform I'm not sure if
they'll bring them to any other older
games I'd love to see that games like
counter-strike source would be awesome
to have achievements for but I'm just
glad because they defeat is one of my
favorite games especially from valve so
to get a chance and a reason to go back
and replay it some of that it's a
awesome thing but like i said it's runs
great there's no slow down at all what
actually runs faster than I did on my pc
which makes sense because the imac is a
lot faster machine than my old pc was
the only thing that was a little tricky
was getting it to display correctly on
the widescreen display that's not like
an imac problem that just has to do with
using a widescreen monitor but once I
figured out that you can just switch the
display mode to 16 by 9 and then apply a
resolution via that it wasn't a big
problem so I've been playing that I also
mentioned that i played the crisis demo
which i think i'm going to go ahead and
pick that game up um it runs great the
demo level is you're in it's kind of
like far cry if you ever played that
you're in like an island area and
everything's really beautiful and it's
really taxing on a machine but it runs
really well so I'll be looking forward
to get my hands on the full version um
what else about playing oh one other
game I went back to halo 24 games for
windows which is a really actually
pretty hold game I think it came out
maybe like 2003 for the xbox and I
played it all the way back then but when
they really re-released it for games for
windows live I picked it back up and I
played about half of it and then for
whatever reason I just put it down and
never got to play it again and then I
ended up downgrading from vista to XP
just cuz my machine was so slow that's
no fault of vistas it's just I had a
slow machine and sew and games for
windows live only works under vista so I
couldn't really finish it until recently
when I put this to be a boot camp on my
imac so I've been going back and
replaying through that and I'm almost to
the end I think
like two levels left but it's been
running pretty good i'm happy with it
obviously like I said that's an older
game so it should run well I haven't
tried out the multiplayer really much
but I'm looking forward to doing that as
long as I'm talking about it microsoft
made an announcement for games for
windows live if you watch the e3 press
conference that Microsoft did you'll
notice that unlike previous years they
didn't really talk about their games for
windows stuff at all and I'm kind of one
that kind of looks down on their games
for windows stuff it seems like most of
it's just xbox 360 games that have been
rehashed and re-released later down the
road for PC which is coming up I don't
say it's kind of lame but while it is
I'd like to see some original content
but they made an announcement and said
that they're going to make the
multiplayer on the pc games from windows
games free which is good turns out pc
gamers who have been that who have grown
accustomed to getting free multiplayer
all these years aren't really into
happen to pay for an xbox live
subscription to play on games from
windows live so big surprise there but
so they're going to go ahead and do that
which is good it's something they
probably should have done from the
beginning but they also mentioned that
they're going to start putting out some
marketplace content which is good i'm
open for demos but i think they said
things like videos and maybe some of the
xbox live arcade games that would be
awesome but I'm just glad to see that
they're doing something with that I
really hate to see pc gaming especially
kind of taking a back seat there's still
a lot of opportunities especially if you
look at a game like World of Warcraft
easily the best selling game and it's a
pc game pc exclusive so that shows that
there's a market for pc game still a
huge market it's just not being tapped
correctly that's why i'm a big fan of
steam if you go to steampowered.com i
think it is you can download the steam
client and steam is from valve who makes
the half-life series my favorite game of
all time half-life two and half life 2
episode 1
as long as well as a team fortress 2
portal so they have a bunch of really
good games but they also offer games
from other publishers as well that you
can buy so and they have community stuff
like Xbox Live friends list clans
achievements like I said they're
integrating with day of defeat so
they're really stepping it up and
because of that I think Microsoft has to
do the same on their end with games for
windows live but because you know
competition is always a good thing the
one thing I will say about PC gaming on
the imac as much as I've loved it loved
it this keyboard is an exactly ideal for
playing a pc game unfortunately um I
love the keyboard like I said in my
previous video I won't go over it again
but it's just like a laptop keyboard
basically and I've never been a big fan
of playing games on laptops so I've
decided to hook up my USB logitech wave
keyboard for when i play games but
that's not a big asshole it just sets
down where my computer my pc tower used
to sit and if i'm in windows and i want
to play a game I just bring it up and
put it on my desk and away I go so
that's just a brief update of boot camp
a little bit of gaming stuff in there
for you and we'll see you soon thanks